Create vade for M365 documentation (#211)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/operation_center/integration_catalog/email/vade.md

>  # 1. Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overview
```

 
Vade for M365 offers AI-based protection against dynamic, email-borne cyberattacks targeting Microsoft 365.  

> API-based, Vade for M365 offers a native Microsoft 365 user experience and catches 10x more advanced threats than Microsoft.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It improves user experience and catches 10x more advanced threats than Microsoft.  
```

In this documenation we will explain how to collect and send Vade for M365 logs to SEKOIA.IO.

> ## Configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{!operation_center/integration_catalog/generated/vade-m365_do_not_edit_manually.md!}

## Configure
```

> # 2. Configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure
```

First you need to reach the `Playbooks` page in order to initiate your playbook using the dedicated button.  

You can directly choose the `Get M365 Email Events` trigger if you are creating a playbook from scratch otherwise you will have to find it
within the `Actions library` panel under the `Vade secure` menu to drag and drop the trigger on the graph.  

To start configuring the selected trigger, you'll need to bring Vade's documentation which can be found [here](https://m365.eu.vadesecure.com/docs/).

> This documentation will allow you to enter module information such as `api_host`, `client_id`, `client_secret` and `oauth2_authorization_url`.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This documentation will allow you to get the following information: your `client_id` and your `client_secret`. You can also get the `api_host` and `oauth2_authorization_url`, if necessary.
```
@LeoArurault, Can we have default value for `api_host` and `oauth2_authorization_url` in the manifest of the VadeSecure module?

Reviewer 3: The manifest already suggest `https://m365.eu.vadesecure.com` for the `api_host`. But not for the `oauth2_authorization_url` and I'm not sure about the default value of this field

> Then you just have to configure the trigger itself by filling its `name`, `frequency` in seconds and the `tenant_id`, the identifier of your 365 tenant.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then you just have to configure the trigger itself by filling its `name`, by setting its `frequency` in seconds and by adding your 365 tenant identifier (`tenant_id`)  
```

Lastly, you must add the Sekoia's action `Push Events to intake` to the graph and configure it using :
- the `api_key` generated within the user center
- the `base_url`
- the `events` to push on Intake (your logs) 

> - the `intake_key` of the intake you have previously created (documentation can be found [here](https://docs.sekoia.io/operation_center/intakes/))

Reviewer 2: I think we can improve this part with more details (guiding the user (as pointing to a specific page of the documentation) how to get its api-key, how to get an intake key)

Author: As discussed, i'll edit the documentation linked since the UI has changed and i'll be more specific on how users should create an intake and get the intake_key and api_key.
So documentation writers can benefit mutualisation
